# Event_Planner_App

The Event Planner App allows users to create and manage personal events with SMS notifications. Users should create an account to use this app. On the home page, all the upcoming events are displayed in a Grid view, which helps users plan accordingly. Users can easily create an event by clicking the Create Event button. If they want to change anything in an existing event, they can click on the client. It will open the event with existing details, and then the user can change and save them. 

This app followed a user-centric design and provided features accordingly. For example, the app uses the same look and feel on all the pages, and the navigation between pages is relatively smooth. I understood the overall project features and started designing each UI page and its functionality. This helped me develop and test individual pages/functionalities, which allowed me to think specifically about them. This process is iterative, and I can successfully integrate all the UI pages and functionality as soon as they are ready; I will follow the same approach in the future.

End-to-end testing is critical because any functionality failure will lead to app failure, so I developed test plans and test cases, performed test executions, and took care of any test failures. Individual UI pages and their functionality development are not challenging, but integrating all the functionality with proper navigation requires innovation and adequate testing.  The event Planner Home page is a critical component that will give the opportunity to see upcoming events, create a new event, and an option to set notification preferences. it integrates with a Login page, Event Details, and Notification Setting page.
